(rapid footsteps)
(Nana pants)
- [Nana Komatsu] Nana had
a tattoo of a red lotus
on her arm.
A lotus also known
as a Ren flower.
At the time, I had no idea
what that meant to her.
(upbeat rock music)
(birds chirp)
(gentle music)
- It's way too bright in here.
I need to get some curtains.
(dog barks)
I gotta get to work!
What time is it?
Ah!
What am I gonna do?
- Well, good morning, Hachi.
It's a beautiful day. Wanna go
for a walk?
- Why didn't you wake me up?
Why? Why? Why?
- How's that my job?
You got an alarm clock. Don't
you?
- I'm supposed to be starting
work at 11
and now I'm gonna late for first
day!
- What do you mean late?
It's only seven o'clock.
Even if you leave at 10, you'll
still have plenty of time.
No need to panic.
- What the hell? My clock said
it was 11!
- (laughing) You mean the clock
you got from Mizukoshi
yesterday?
It's already broken?
- Nana! I don't think
this clock even works.
It still says the same time
as when I set it last night.
Aw! As soon as I see Mr.
Mizukoshi,
I'm gonna let him have it.
That's for sure.
- Better check to see if
the fridge is still working.
Ah, feels nice and cool.
- [Nana Komatsu] What'd you put
in there?
- Beer.
Want one?
- [Nana Komatsu] Yeah!
- Are you kidding me?
You gotta go to work.
- But I'm really, really thirsty
and I'm really, really hungry
too.
And there's nothing to eat here.
- Oh. That reminds me.
That burger you bought
it tasted really good.
Thanks for that.
- You ate the whole thing
on your own? No fair!
- Then why'd you say it
was a present for me?
(bright music)
- Maybe there's a nice cafe
around here
where we can get something to
eat.
- [Nana Osaki] It's too early
in the morning for that.
I'll just get you some dog
food from the corner store.
- [Nana Komatsu] Look at
that cute little bakery!
(Nana K. Screams)
What should I have?
Oh! It all looks too good to be
true!
- You really do seem to
have a keen sense of smell.
Just like a dog...
- Let's go sit by the
river. It'll be so nice.
Like a mini picnic!
- We really need to get a table.
- Hey Nana.
Isn't someone from the gas
company
supposed to come turn it on
today?
- Yeah, like I said, they'd be
here sometime in the morning,
but don't worry. I wasn't
planning to go anywhere today.
So you go to work and I'll deal
with it.
You're also getting your
stuff from your folks place
delivered today. Aren't ya?
I can sign for that if you want.
- Sorry. I seem to be dumping
everything on you today.
- Not a problem.
I've got time to kill.
- But Nana, what are
you gonna do about work?
Don't you have to find a job?
- It's easy to find a job, if
you don't care what you do.
- I wonder if she's right.
Is it really that easy?
(upbeat music)
Like I'm one to talk.
Hi, welcome to the store.
- [Junko] Well.
- [Nana Komatsu] Jun!
- Gotta say this place really
suits you.
You know, Shoji dropped
around our place last night.
He said you were working here
now
so I thought I'd swing by
and see how you're doing.
I'm glad you found a good job.
- Really?
Shoji went over to your place
after I saw him yesterday?
- Yeah.
He and Kyosuke got totally
wasted.
- Oh thank God.
I thought he might have gone to
Sachiko's
and spent the night with her.
- Sachiko? Who's that?
- She's sorta like a
femme fatale, you know,
like you see in all those
old black and white movies?
- Do you know how crazy you
sound?
- Nana, this a friend of yours?
Hey, it's nice to meet you.
I'm Mizukoshi the manager here.
- Mr. Mizukoshi this
is my best friend Jun.
She's an art student.
- Thank you for looking
after our little Nana.
- [Mizukoshi] Your name's Jun?
Not Nana like the rest?
(Nana laughs)
- Stop that. Mr. Mizukoshi.
- Now, then, Hachi.
- Hachi?
- You were asking me about this
clock.
- Did you fix it?
- Well, the reason it wasn't
working
is 'cause it needs a battery
inside.
- Oh no! I'm such a fool!
I should've checked. I'm sorry.
- That's okay.
It's partly my fault.
I should have checked if
there was already one in there
when you bought it. Just remind
me to give you one later.
- All right. I'm sorry
to be so much trouble.
- Ah, forget about it.
If you want to go on your lunch
break now
while your friend's here.
That's cool with me.
- Really?
You sure that's okay with you?
- [Mizukoshi] Yeah, I can watch
the store.
- All right then I guess
I'll see you later.
- [Junko] Looks like your
flirting sicknesses started
again.
- This Jackson burger is
like the best burger ever.
- [Junko] I was wondering how
you managed
to find a job that fast.
Now I know.
I didn't expect the
manager to be so young.
- Koji Sato, Can I get another
burger?
- [Sato] Coming up!
- Well, it makes no difference
to me,
but I guess as long as you do
your work and get paid for it,
it doesn't matter what your
motives are.
Even if they are totally out of
whack.
Just try not to freaks
Shoji out too much. Okay?
When he was drunk last night,
he started grumbling about you
again.
- He was grumbling? And
he's done it more than once?
- Well, I....
- I knew it. I knew it.
Shoji doesn't really like
me after all. Does he?
It's 'cause I'm a terrible
girlfriend!
- No, it's not that.
Shoji just gets worried,
but that's only because he
cares so much about you.
There aren't many guys around
who treat a girl that way, you
know?
So you better treat him good
or else fate will turn against
you.
(gentle piano music)
- [Nana Komatsu] I know. I
know, but how do I not screw up?
Well, what have I been doing
wrong?
I mean, I thought things
were going fine up till now.
Maybe I should have done
it with him last night.
- Hey Nana. It's eight o'clock.
Time to start closing up
the store for the night.
- Oh, okay!
- Thanks for hanging in there
today.
I know it can be tiring even
when the store's not busy.
- Oh. You don't have to
worry about me. I'm fine.
I'm just so psyched to be
working in here
with all this cool stuff.
I can't wait for tomorrow!
- Well, I'm certainly glad to
hear it.
You hungry?
We could go grab something
to eat after we've closed up.
My treat.
- Really?
- Is there anywhere you wanna
go?
- [Junko] Fate will turn against
you.
- What kind of food do
you feel like eating?
- I'm sorry. I totally forgot.
I already made plans for
tonight.
Almost slipped my mind.
- A date?
- Oh no, no, no, no, nothing
like that.
- Listen. There's no
need to be embarrassed.
I'd expect a cute young girl
like you to have a boyfriend
or maybe even two. Right?
Tell him to come by the shop.
I'll give him a discount.
- Thanks.
That's really generous.
That was so awkward.
Well, whatever I have Shoji.
So I can't let myself get
too close to Mr. Mizukoshi.
I feel bad for even thinking
about it.
I am not a good girlfriend.
No, no, no.
Shoji's the man for me.
I can't live without him!
I better give him a call.
(phone dials)
Shoji?
- [Automated Voicemail]
Your call is being forwarded
to an automatic voicemail
system.
At the tone, please leave a-
(phone beeps)
- He's still at work?
Just 'cause I live in Tokyo now
doesn't mean I can
always hang out with him.
I know that, but doesn't
stop me wanting to see him.
I guess I should have stayed
at his place last night.
Once he starts school,
he is gonna be so busy
with classes and studying
and working all the time.
And now I have a job too!
After working all day, I'm not
gonna have any energy left.
We might not get to see
each other very often.
Life isn't so sweet after all.
When I first moved here,
I thought everything would
just fall into place.
Wait a minute.
Things are falling into
place and pretty easily too.
It's all good.
(gentle piano music)
But for some reason it feels
like I haven't been able to
grab hold of anything yet.
Do I even know what I really
want?
A life with Shoji?
Cute clothes and stuff?
A cool apartment?
They're all great, but
something is missing.
Maybe I'm asking for too much.
(hammer bangs)
- Hey, how's it going, Hachiko?
So, how was work?
- What are you doing, Nana?
- Oh, a little carpentry.
I'm making us a table in some
chairs.
- Wow. You can do that?
That is so cool!
- Well, we really needed a
table.
I should be finished pretty
soon.
Then we can have dinner on it.
- Huh?
What are we gonna eat?
I didn't buy anything.
I'll run to the store.
- That's okay. I already
made us some stew.
And a salad.
- This looks really
great. I'm so impressed!
- Oh and all your stuff arrived
so I put the boxes in your room.
The paperwork for the lease
had been signed by your dad.
So I gave it all to Mr. Ondo for
you
and got your key from
him. It's over there.
(bright music)
- Oh, thanks Nana! You're
the best!
- What's the big deal?
I didn't really do anything.
(Nana K. sobs)
Quit crying!
(gentle music)
- [Nana Komatsu] I'm so happy.
Everything's awesome.
I've been on a roll
since I moved to Tokyo.
Well, actually everything's been
great
since I moved in with Nana.
She makes me feel so positive.
It's weird 'cause we're totally
different,
but it's like, we just clicked.
(angelic music)
Wow! It's wonderful!
It fits perfectly.
You wouldn't have bought
a better table than this.
- You think?
So does that mean you like it?
- Yeah. I had no idea
you were so talented.
- Oh this was nothing.
Just scrap wood from a
construction site.
So basically we got ourselves
a dining set for free.
I even got some of the
hot instruction guys
to gimme a hand cutting the
wood.
- You ever thought about
becoming a professional?
You could be like a cool girl
carpenter!
You should totally do it!
- Yeah, it'd be okay.
But what if I cut my finger or
something?
Then I wouldn't be able
to play the guitar.
- [Nana Komatsu] Oh right.
Your guitar.
- [Nana Osaki] Food's ready.
- Hey Nana,
does that mean you wanna be
a professional guitarist?
- Are you kidding?
I'm not good enough to make it
as a pro.
- But I thought you played
guitar in your band back home?
- Well sorta.
I did play guitar, but
really I was the lead singer.
- Oh my God. You're a singer?
That's so cool. You never said.
- Why is that so great?
- Well, because-
- You should probably wait
till you hear me sing first
before you get too excited.
(gentle piano music)
- I wanna hear her sing.
I bet she's awesome.
I just know I'm gonna
be her biggest fan.
Hey Nana, can I ask you about
that tattoo on your arm?
I was just wondering if it
was real
or if it's only a
temporary stick on thing.
- Yeah, it's real.
- I knew it it's way
too cool to be a fake.
Did it hurt like hell
when you had it done?
I was scared to death just
getting my ears pierced.
- There's no pleasure in it
unless you have a little pain.
- You really think so?
- Feeling a little bit of pain
reminds us that we're still
alive.
- Masochist!
(Nana O. laughs)
- To tell you the truth.
I'm much more like a sadist.
- I noticed.
Hey Nana, what made you
choose a lotus blossom?
Does it have like a special
meaning?
- Actually it's not a
lotus. It's a ren flower.
- You mean like a water lily?
- No, it's just a ren.
- So it is a lotus, then?
- No, it's not a lotus.
- I'm pretty sure it's
called the lotus flower.
- [Nana Osaki] Just drop it.
Okay?
- But it's totally a lotus
flower.
Man, why are you so stubborn?
- Right back at ya!
(doorbell rings)
- Huh?
Who could be dropping by this
late?
(knocking on door)
- [Man] Delivery for Miss Osaki.
- Maybe Yasu sent your stuff
already.
- Maybe he sure works
fast.
What a guy.
- Good evening.
- Nobu! What the hell are you
doing here?
- Yes! Nice!
The welcome I always wanted.
Yeah!
Wow. The stew is amazing.
You are amazing.
You're gonna make someone
a great wife someday.
- [Nana Komatsu] Yeah, but I
didn't-
- You may have the same name as
Nana,
but you're nothing like her.
- Hey, thanks for the
compliment, Nobu.
I'm the one who made the stew.
- Oh yeah. That figures.
It's a little too salty.
- You don't like my
cooking then don't eat it.
Why the hell did you come here
anyway?
- I came here to deliver all
your crap!
I drove eight hours to get
here and all you do is kick me.
You should be thanking me.
- Gee, thanks. Mission
accomplished.
Now let's go back to where you
came from!
- But Nana. Please. Listen!
You gotta let me stay for just
one night.
- No chance.
- Yeah, but-
- [Nana Osaki] I don't
don't wanna hear it.
- I ran away from home.
- I told you I don't wanna hear
it.
- Nana!
- But I didn't have anywhere
else that I could go.
- Why are you being so mean to
him?
Isn't he your friend?
Your name's Nobuo. Right?
Are you okay?
- Ah, you can just call me Nobu.
I'm used to this crap from her.
- We don't have much to offer
you,
but you're totally welcome
to stay the night here
if you want.
- Oh, thank you!
You're so sweet, Nana!
- [Nana Osaki] I didn't agree
to this. I'm not having it.
- Nana! Why are you
acting like this, anyway?
- It's for his own damn
good. He needs to smarten up.
Listen, Nobu.
You're gonna inherit that
humongous hotel
when your parents retire.
It's time you face reality.
- [Nobu] I didn't ask to be
born into that family, you know.
- Stop being such a
spoiled brat and grow up.
You've got no idea how lucky you
are.
You've got it made.
You don't have to worry about
your future.
And it makes me sick to see
you just throw it all away.
- If I did throw it
away, I wouldn't miss it.
The only thing in my
life that makes me happy
is playing my guitar.
With you singing.
You know that already.
Don't make me say it again.
- Listen, Nana.
We should at least let him stay
the night.
Don't you think?
It's getting pretty late.
Okay?
(phone rings)
Huh?
Hey, whose phone is that?
- Oh, it's mine.
Hello?
Oh, Hey, Yasu.
Yeah, just got here a few
minutes ago.
- Yasu listen to me!
I want you to do something
about this bone head.
Why'd you let him bring my
stuff. What were you thinking?
- Sorry, my bad.
But he wouldn't take
no for an answer.
- [Nana Osaki] That is so lame.
What am I supposed to do?
- Nothing you can do about it
now.
Nobu's serious about this.
Why don't the two of you
hunt for some new band mates
and start over down there?
Wouldn't you rather be
in a band than go solo?
Besides you're a lot better
at writing lyrics than music.
Speaking of which, have
you listened to the tape?
- What tape?
- The new song Nobu wrote.
It's pretty good, you know?
And it's gonna be perfect for
your voice.
Once you put some lyrics to
it, it's gonna rock and rule.
- Hm...
- Hm?
(rock music)
- Wow! This is awesome.
I can't believe you
actually wrote this, Nobu.
I'm totally blown away.
- Huh?
- [Nana Komatsu] Nana?
- Play it.
And I'll sing something.
- Okay.
Ah, my amps out in the car.
I'll have to go get it.
So that's what was in there.
No wonder that thing was so
heavy.
- What's the deal?
No one here.
Don't tell me the only sold
one ticket to this gig.
That sucks. Oh, well.
We all gotta start somewhere.
Guess one fan's better than
none.
Hey, good evening.
We're Blast and welcome
to our first show ever
here in Tokyo.
- Good evening, Blast.
- We'll make this a night
you'll never forget.
(rock music)
- [Nana Komatsu] You were right.
I've never forgotten that night.
The song had no lyrics
so you just made them up
using any words you could think
of,
whether they made sense or not.
♪ I need your love ♪
- [Nana Komatsu] It's like
you put a crazy spell on me.
You're haunting voice held
captive.
♪ I need your love ♪
- [Nana Komatsu] The kitchen
table was your stage.
The cell phone was your mic
and the crescent moon was your
spotlight.
Nana, you're the only one in the
world
that could make magic like that.
To this day, I still believe
that.
(phone beeps)